About Fekra! Business Solutions
We have been delivering success with our clients since 2019. We are the most efficient solution at an ideal cost. Wherever you are, we provide you with professional technical support for various businesses (programming - financial accounting - various web services and creative writing, content management, advertising and marketing). We are in constant contact 24 hours a week with our clients.

Our vision, our goals, where we are now
We are Fekra! We are a team that is constantly growing towards our main goal, which is to achieve sales in all countries of the world. So far, we have exceeded 50% and we are moving in the right direction. Our journey began with automating simple payroll and inventory accounting software for small businesses and local shops. Our team was formed in 2009 with a combination of financial and technical expertise that brought us to where we are today.

Our team specializes in saving our clients the time they need to work! We have the capabilities and resources to provide innovative solutions, tools and useful applications through programming services, development, ready-made programs such as cashier and accounting applications. Programming applications dedicated to purposes such as payroll calculations, data analysis, and others. Communicating with us through your favorite channel (WhatsApp, Google Meet, Messenger, etc.) is worth a try! A professional specialist is waiting for you, who knows exactly what to do, knows how to listen, and receive instructions accurately and easily. Try it here

About Mazen Abbas
The founder of Fekra! Business Solutions is Mazen Tarek Abbas. Mazen received his first degree from the American University in Cairo in 2010 in Accounting and Finance. He received his Bachelor's degree from Tanta University in 2015, Accounting major. He has taken different training courses in accounting, computer science, and English. In addition to his financial background and experience, Mazen has worked in the technical and computer field since 2009 and received his first certificate of experience in the same year.
The combination of technical and financial experiences and qualifications has helped Mazen formulate specialized financial and software services that can be implemented in record time and at an excellent cost for various types and sizes of businesses. Mazen decided to use his understanding of the requirements of accountants and financial department workers and his understanding of computer language to develop skills that enabled him to develop Office, Windows, Google, and Web programs for clients in all countries of the world through freelance platforms such as Upwork, Freelancer, etc. Moving forward in the right direction, Mazen worked on developing the Fekra! Business Solutions brand. Through this platform, and Fekra! pages on social media platforms.

